Added note about the Power Apps connector (#62)
exasol/exasol-rest-api: doc/user_guide/user-guide.md

# Exasol REST API

> Exasol REST API is an extension for the Exasol database that provides the ability to interact with the database via REST API endpoints. It is required to use the [Power Apps Connector for Exasol](https://github.com/exasol/power-apps-connector).

Reviewer: better: "E.g. the REST API is required by the [Power Apps Connector for Exasol]."
Then it is clear that it is not the other way around.

Author: See https://github.com/exasol/exasol-rest-api/pull/63

## Installation

### Deployment

The REST API needs to be installed on a internet-facing server machine/VM that also has connectivity to the database environment.

> The REST API is stateless, so you can install it on multiple nodes put an HTTP load balancer in front.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The REST API is stateless, so you can install it on multiple nodes and put a HTTP load balancer in front.
```
